Added layout and collection (#3)
minvws/nl-covid19-notification-app-dashboard: README.md

Jekyll supports [Markdown](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/), [Liquid](https://github.com/Shopify/liquid/wiki), HTML and CSS to create a complete static website.
By using the Liquid templating language, content can be stored in Markdown.

## How to add a feature

To add a feature, create a Markdown file in `_features` with the following template:
```md
---
title: The title
summary: Short summary
status: in-progress
---
The Markdown content goes here, this can contain <code>HTML</code>.
```
For the status field the values `failed`, `in-progress` and `checked` can be used.
Please prefix your file with 3 zero's and a dash (`000-`), it will be renamed to have an incremental number when we merge it.

## How to test GitHub Pages locally

The [`starefossen/github-pages`](https://hub.docker.com/r/starefossen/github-pages) is a Alpine Docker image for running GitHub Pages / Jekyll projects locally while developing of only 70 MB.
You need to do is to mount the pages in a volume under `/usr/src/app` like this:
```bash
docker run -it --rm -v "$PWD":/usr/src/app -p "4000:4000" starefossen/github-pages
```

> The Jekyll page will be available on `http://localhost:4000`.

Reviewer: If choosing to suggest docker here, it would probably be helpful to provide a link to a page that explains what docker is and how to download/install it.

Author: Patches are welcome :slightly_smiling_face:
Also I only tested this on Linux, `$PWD` probably only works in Powershell and not plain `cmd` on Windows?

Reviewer: As for the current working dir, I believe this one is correct https://stackoverflow.com/a/921762/95397

Author: Can you test it? :slightly_smiling_face: Will `%cd%` expanding also work inside a string parameter? I believe `$PWD` [does work in Powershell](https://superuser.com/a/295036).

Reviewer: Sure, let me grab a windows machine 👍

Reviewer: So yeah, `%cd%` works in `cmd` (the top window) and `$PWD` works in Powershell (the bottom window):

![IMG_1735](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2320/83139161-35967400-a0ec-11ea-825e-ce7bdb3105e0.jpeg)

Probably sufficient to suggest the use of Powershell on Windows.

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/minvws/nl-covid19-notification-app-dashboard/pull/3/commits/e7a12f595500aebe53c450d46f611f9aa4c479e8

## How to test GitHub Pages locally

To build Jekyll, you could [install Jekyll locally](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/installation/) or probably the easier route: use a Docker image.
To use a Docker image you should have Docker engine installed, see [how to install Docker enginge](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/).

> [`starefossen/github-pages`](https://hub.docker.com/r/starefossen/github-pages) is a Alpine Docker image for running GitHub Pages / Jekyll projects locally while developing of only 70 MB.

Reviewer: Ace, thanks for the change and addition of link to docs for normal local installation–looks great 👌 

Very minor, but this may read slightly better:

```suggestion
[`starefossen/github-pages`](https://hub.docker.com/r/starefossen/github-pages) is a small Alpine Docker image for running GitHub Pages / Jekyll projects locally.
```
